Add missing meta descriptions (#180)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/usage-examples/find.txt

.. meta::
   :keywords: read, code example

>    :description: Query multiple documents in a collection using the `find()` method in Rust, with examples for asynchronous and synchronous runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :description: Query multiple documents in a collection with the MongoDB Rust Driver, with examples for asynchronous and synchronous runtimes.
```
